GH-99293: Document that `Py_TPFLAGS_VALID_VERSION_TAG` shouldn't be used. (#101736)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/typeobj.rst

      .. versionadded:: 3.10

   .. data:: Py_TPFLAGS_VALID_VERSION_TAG

      Internal. Do not set or unset this flag.

>       To indicate that a class has changed call :cfunc:`PyType_Modified()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      To indicate that a class has changed call :c:func:`PyType_Modified`
```
